#KNOWN BUGS:
The file number no more comes up in the scalebar - DONE

Upon Opening a new data set with a different fileprefix,  Next/previous picture function is disfunctioned due to a not updated fileprefix somewhere - DONE

The new relief plot function missing to remove the aoi in the main image after closing child window - DONE

Correct numbering of child windows - separate lists for zoom and relief? - DONE

In gotoimage an edf filename was constructed if the filenumber was not found no matter what filetype we had. - DONE   

When creating an AOI and mouse moves outside top left corner the created zoom-window shows the uncropped base image - DONE

Also problems since the old headinfo is not removed. Fx it complaints if a new header item is found upon "File - Open". DONE

edfimage.integrate_area sums the wrong image area - DONE

AOI for rocking curve disappers too soon. Before rocker win has been closed. - DONE

Cleaning up the canvas for line sections upon closing line profile plot does not happen correctly if more than one is opened before closing a plot. - DONE

Still some problems with the canvas size resetting after opening a new data set with a larger image y size. - DONE

The rocking curve procedure destroys update of the image number entry. - DONE

zero-height/width AOIs are left on the canvas and reports an uncaught error - i.e. cannot zoom in on nothing - DONE

update function does rescaling of root image even though it is not necessary - DONE

Only half on the AOIs from closed zoom windows are removed upon each appWin focus. - DONE

The show peaks does not work in zoom windows. if fabian is not opened in the directory where 
peaks.out is located it can not find peaks.out. Furthermore a question on which file to use would be appropriate. -DONE

#TODO
Put under cvs control - DONE
implement getheader functionality in tifimage.py - DONE
add possibility for reading MarCCD/MarMosaic images - DONE
add possibility for reading bruker images - DONE 
add possibility for reading bzipped and gzipped edf images - DONE
Add some kind of AOI-integration over file series - add function to edfimage.py that sums over rectangle? - DONE
Add update of line plots when changing frame - DONE
clean up the filename splitting and joining code - it is a jumbled mess right now - DONE
also update Relief windows - DONE
Write setup script and compile executable for windows
List of AOIs - possibly with load/save functionality
Make a automatic file update when new images are collected

